Domestic violence man
Emotionally stable neuropathy
I've had eight lifetimes of bloody mold
I actually became the wife of such a person
How is Dr. Li Huo?
Report to the prince
My young master's illness
The old man is also helpless
Doctor Li knows that you are a loyal hand
Just try again.
This young master Huo is the nephew of Concubine Xian
Prince's cousin?
The prince has only a few relatives
In case you go again
The dying man is cutting down trees
Dr. Li
Really no rules
Don't worry, as long as you are willing to treat
Even if not
The king will not blame you
Your Highness, it's not that I don't want to treat you
It's just that Master Huo's hot topic does not return
Even the wound began to bleed pus
Don't say it's me
Even if the divine doctor Hua Tuo comes, he can't cure it
wound purulent
Hot topics are not refundable
Is to extend
Let me see it.
I can heal this wound
Can't even cure me
You can cure
interregional disease
What a big breath
It's you who don't know your medical skills.
Let no one else try it
What do you mean?
A mere demon slave
I am Princess Chu
How dare you offend this princess
You are Princess Chu
Yuan Qingling, you are enough
You are just an extra dog raised by the Chu Palace
It is also worthy of holding a gun as a tune in front of the previous dynasties
The shelf of this princess